Add details to workshop documentation (#49)
elisa-tech/wg-osep: docs/workshops/index.md

# Workshop presentation archive

> <span style="color:red">The following list contains results and work products from past ELISA workshops and meetings conducted over several years. Please note that due to the evolving nature of technology and knowledge, the accuracy and relevance of these results may change over time. The content provided should be considered as drafts or provisional, and users are advised to exercise caution and verify the information independently. The purpose of this list is to provide a historical record of outcomes and ease accessibility to the material, but it should not be relied upon as definitive or final. Any decisions or actions based on the information in this list should be made with careful consideration and further investigation as necessary.</span>

Reviewer: I like the gist of what you are saying, but I would prefer not have this in red. 

Perhaps restructure it something like this:

```suggestion
The following list contains results and work products from past ELISA workshops and meetings, conducted over several years. 

**Please note:** 

* This workshop content should not be relied upon as definitive or final guidance from ELISA or the authors.
* Due to the evolving nature of technology and our understanding of it, the accuracy and relevance of these results may change over time. The content provided should therefore be considered draft or provisional, and users are advised to exercise caution and verify the information independently.
* This is not peer-reviewed content and it is intended only as a historical record of outcomes and discussions, to provide context for current ELISA activities. 
* Any decisions or actions based on the information in the workshop content should be made with careful consideration and further investigation as necessary.
```

| [~~Systems WG - Status and Roadmap~~](2022-09-Virtual/2022-09-07_ELISA_Virtual_Summit_Automotive-WG_Update.pdf) | Philipp Ahmann | 2024-11-14 outdated |

[YouTube recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuDNrzTpK8zpi0wloINTrg_MXD82S2VYp)

## November 2021 (Virtual)

| Title | Presenter(s) | Last revisited |
| ----- | ------------ | -------------- |
| [Certification using the New Approach to Safety](2021-11-Virtual/Certification-using-the-New-Approach-to-Safety.pdf) | Paul Albertella | 2024-11-13 |

[YouTube recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuDNrzTpK8zr2Vlx_z5WJZKM3nZ3TS9g8)

---

## Additional workshops

- April 2022 (Virtual) 
    [YouTube recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuDNrzTpK8zplE90pYWqR0GIfzDmRePnp)
- May 2021 (Virtual) 
    [YouTube recordings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuDNrzTpK8zqeFPcWBLDvWfuo_fjT7ege)
- February 2021 (Virtual)
- September 2020 (Virtual)
- May 2020 (Virtual)
- January 2020 (Brussels)
- September 2019 (Cambridge)
- June 2019 (Munich)

---

## Revisiting criteria

[//]: # "We should put this section into another more formal place, 
as it applies also to other material."

> When content gets contributed and added to the knowledge base following aspects should be considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When content is contributed and added to the knowledge base, the following aspects should be considered.
```

| Title | Presenter(s) | Last revisited |
| ----- | ------------ | -------------- |
| [A Systematic Approach to Using the Linux Kernel in a Safety Scenario](2023-10-Munich/A-Systematic-Approach-to-Using-the-Linux-Kernel-in-a-Safety-Scenario.pdf) | Igor Stoppa | 2024-11-13 |
| [Update on Planned Processes for Safety Analysis and Documentation of Results](2023-10-Munich/Update-on-Planned-Processes-for-Safety-Analysis-and-Documentation-of-Results.pdf) | Paul Albertella | 2024-11-13 |

## June 2023 (Berlin)

| Title | Presenter(s) | Last revisited |
| ----- | ------------ | -------------- |
| [Safety Analysis Approach](2023-06-Berlin/Safety-Analysis-Approach.pdf) | Paul Albertella | 2024-11-13 |
| [Reproducible Multi Element System Composition with Linux, Xen & Zephyr](2023-06-Berlin/ELISA_Berlin_Workshop_2023-OSS_NA_ELISA_Systems-WG.pdf) | Philipp Ahmann | 2024-11-14 |

## September 2022 (Virtual)

| Title | Presenter(s) | Last revisited |
| ----- | ------------ | -------------- |
| [Automotive WG Update - Tell tales an evolution use case towards driver assistance](2022-09-Virtual/2022-09-07_ELISA_Virtual_Summit_Automotive-WG_Update.pdf) | Philipp Ahmann | 2024-11-14 |

> | [~~Systems WG - Status and Roadmap~~](2022-09-Virtual/2022-09-07_ELISA_Virtual_Summit_Automotive-WG_Update.pdf) | Philipp Ahmann | 2024-11-14 outdated |

Author: @reiterative would you do it, or can I do it my own (having the rights and knowing where to put it)
